[Autogenerated] Now you've learned about Springwood,
actuator and metrics and how to record them with micro meter.
There is the last part that's missing,
and that's how we connect micro meter to a monitoring tool.
That's what we're going to do next.
Micro Twitter supports many different monitoring systems,
as you can see in the documentation on the website at micro media dot io.
For this demo, we're going to use Influx D B,
which is a times here is database which is
specifically designed for storing time.
Stem data such as application metrics to visualized
the metrics will use Grafana,
which is a very powerful tool for creating dashboards with
graphs from many different data sources,
including Influx TV.
Both influx TV and Grafana are easy to run in Docker.
Let's first get them both running.
Step one is to create a Docker network for running both
container scene with the following command.
Next is to create and start the container with influx to be.
For that, we need to follow in command With this command,
we create a container named Influx TV that exposed to support 80 86 on
the Globomantics network that we've just created,
and we're using the image influx db version 1.7 Alpine.
We're also passing some environment parameters.
These instruct influx db to automatically created database
named Metrics to enable HTTP authentication and to create a
user named Globomantics with password.
Welcome to start up Grafana will execute another Docker run command.
Both influx TV and Grafana take only a few seconds to start up.
Next, we need to log into Grafana to connect it to influx DB in the browser,
navigate to local host Port 3000 and log in with
user name admin and password admin.
When you log in for the first time, it asks you to change the password.
Let's change it to welcome on the welcome page.
It suggests that the next step is to add a data source.
So let's do that.
Select Influx TV and then enter the correct settings
to make it look at our influx.
TV RUNNING in Docker.
HTTP.
Where else should be?
HTTP colon slash slash influx TV COLUMN 80 86 The host name Influx
TV comes from the name off the docker container.
Both Docker containers error connected to the Globomantics Docker network,
and they will be able to see each other by their container names.
Then we have to fill in the influx.
Db Details with database, name, metrics, username, Globomantics and password.
Welcome, Click Save and Test.
It should confirm that the data sources working.
We'll get back to Grafana in a moment,
But first we'll configure the demo application so that it
will publish its metrics to influx to be.
Let's switch to the IDE again.
You can find the code for this complete demo.
An example.
Project number four by default.
The meter industry that is created by Springwood Auto
Configuration is a simple meter registry that just stores the
metrics in memory While the application is running,
we now want to replace this by a meter registry that
stores the metrics into influx.
Db.
To do that, we have to add a dependency to micro meter registry influx again.
We don't need to change the source code because Springwood auto
configuration will automatically pick it up and create an influx meter
registry instead of a simple meter registry.
We do have to set some properties in the Application properties file
to tell it where it confined influx to be the u.
R.
I must be HTTP called on slash slash local host call on 80 86.
Note that it's not influx TV Port 80 86.
As we said in the Grafana configuration,
because the demo application is running on the host
and not in a docker container, Then we have to set the database,
name, username and password, and we'll set the property auto,
create a DB to falsy because we already have a database named Metrics and
we don't want the application to create the database.
Finally, we will set the property step to 10 s,
which means we want to record metrics every 10 seconds by default.
Metrics are recorded once per minute,
but for this demo will set it to 10 seconds so that we don't have to wait too long for the metrics to show up.